Adding in support for Python 3.13 (#2014)
jazzband/django-debug-toolbar: docs/changes.rst

Pending
-------

> * Added support for Python 3.13 and to the CI matrix.

Reviewer: Typo?

```suggestion
* Added support for Python 3.13 to the CI matrix.
```

Pending
-------

> * Added support for Python 3.13 to the CI matrix.
> * Removed support for Python 3.8 as it is end of life.

Reviewer: Another suggestion. The first line is optional, I feel more strongly about the second line.

```suggestion
* Added Python 3.13 to the CI matrix.
* Removed support for Python 3.8 as it has reached end of life.
```

Author: Added.
